Update README & Docs (videos, JetBrains usage) (#1366)
oraios/serena: docs/02-usage/025_jetbrains_plugin.md

We recommend the JetBrains plugin as the preferred way of using Serena,
especially for users of JetBrains IDEs.

**How it works:**
1. Install the plugin in your JetBrains IDE
2. Configure Serena to use the JetBrains language backend (see [below](configure-jetbrains))
3. Open the project you want to work on in your JetBrains IDE and activate it in Serena (see [below](jetbrains-workflow))
4. Start coding via your MCP client as usual

```{admonition} *Note:* The plugin is a language intelligence backend for the Serena MCP server. 
:class: note
It is *not* a UI extension for direct agent interaction (like Copilot) or anything of the sort.    

> You still interact with your regular client – be it external to your IDE (like Claude Code CLI) or internal (like Coppilot or JetBrains AI Assistant) –

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You still interact with your regular client – be it external to your IDE (like Claude Code CLI) or internal (like Copilot, Junie or JetBrains AI Assistant) –
```

Author: Fixed
